add kind cluster create script (#791)
pingcap/tidb-operator: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

To re-run e2e tests, delete the testing pod and apply it again.

##### Run e2e tests in kind 

Execute the follow command to create a [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) Kubernetes environment.  

```sh

> $ ./hack/kind-cluster-v1.12.8.sh

Reviewer: remove version part from the script name? it's able to specify k8s version now.

Reviewer: one more nit: fix the filename

```

> Then you can build and push Docker images to the public Docker registry (There have not docker registry in Kind Kubernetes environment currently)

Reviewer 2: Docker images can be loaded with `kind load docker-image` or `kind load image-archive` command.

Author: this can push images to all nodes, but if `ImagePullPolicy` is `Always`, the pod still can not get image from local.  it can not resolve the image problem completely

Reviewer 2: I think `kind load` also load image to all nodes. For image always pull issue, can we use `IfNotPresent` to replace `Always`.

To re-run e2e tests, delete the testing pod and apply it again.

##### Run e2e tests in kind 

> Execute the follow command to create a [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) Kubernetes environment.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following command to create a [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) Kubernetes environment.  
```

```sh
$ ./hack/kind-cluster-build.sh
```

> If you have customization requirements,please refer the help info:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have customization requirements, please refer the help info:
```

```
$ ./hack/kind-cluster-build.sh --help
```

> Setting `KUBECONFIG` env parameter before use the kubernetes cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting `KUBECONFIG` environment variable before using the Kubernetes cluster:
```

```
export KUBECONFIG=$(kind get kubeconfig-path --name=<clusterName>)
```

> Then you can build and push Docker images to the public Docker registry (There have not docker registry in Kind Kubernetes environment currently)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, there is no local docker registry in the Kind cluster, so you have to build and push the Docker images to a public Docker registry:
```

```sh
$ export DOCKER_REGISTRY=<pulic-docker-registry>
$ make docker-push
$ make e2e-docker-push
```

> After Docker images are pushed to the public Docker registry, run e2e tests:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the Docker images are pushed to the public Docker registry, run e2e tests:
```
